Add AI disclaimer (#10327)
syncthing/syncthing: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Describe what testing has been done, and how the reviewer can test the change
if new tests are not included.

### AI usage

> If you used AI for your pull request, please specify the extent to which you did so. The Syncthing project will reject pull requests that are fully AI-generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have used AI for your pull request, please specify the extent to which you have done so. The Syncthing project will reject pull requests that are fully AI-generated.
```

Just to match the tense already used in the file (e.g. "Describe what testing has been done").

Reviewer 2: "Describe the usage of AI in the creation of the contribution, if any. Include the models used and to which extent their output was used. Note that you, as a human, are responsible for the correctness and legality of any submitted contribution regardless of any use of AI."

Maybe we combine this with a general shift to requiring a DCO sign-off (https://developercertificate.org). That's a bigger change (philosophically) than this originally targets, but maybe it is required nowadays...
